index.md, before:

## All Systems Operational

This page tracks the system status of Foundries.io and logs of incidents as
they are worked on. You can also get real-time updates of service outages
on our [Slack channel](https://join.slack.com/t/foundriesio/shared_invite/enQtNTc5NDkxNTI5NTExLWQ1Yjc3NDA2MjI3NzA3YzkxYjEzNzlhZjQ0M2QxYTIzYmIzZjlmOThmZGU0NTk5MWEwZGIwMTU2YWE4N2I5NWQ).

### Upcoming Events:
 &nbsp; No events

### Past Events:
 * [2021-02-07 source.foundries.io maintenance](maintenance/2021-02-07-source-fio)
 * [2021-01-13 OTA maintenance](maintenance/2021-01-13-ota)
 * [2020-10-21 Deployments update](maintenance/2020-10-21-deployments-update)
 * [2020-09-28 Compute cluster upgrade](maintenance/2020-09-28-infra-compute-upgrade)
 * [2020-09-22 Compute cluster upgrade](maintenance/2020-09-22-infra-compute-upgrade)
 * [2020-02-12 CI worker network maintenance](maintenance/2020-02-13-online-net)

### Previous Outages:
 * [2020-12-14 foundries.io disruption](outage/2020-12-14-gcp.md)
 * [2020-12-01 source.foundries.io disruption](outage/2020-12-01-source-fio.md)
 * [2020-10-09 source.foundries.io disruption](outage/2020-10-09-source-fio.md)
 * [2020-10-08 app.foundries.io disruption](outage/2020-10-08-login.md)
 * [2020-02-18 hub.foundries.io disruption](outage/2020-02-18-hub-fio)
 * [2019-11-14 hub.foundries.io outage](outage/2019-11-14-hub-fio)

Commit message:

Updated status: factory creation
Signed-off-by: kostyapenkov <kostya.penkov@foundries.io>

index.md, after:

## All Systems Operational

This page tracks the system status of Foundries.io and logs of incidents as
they are worked on. You can also get real-time updates of service outages
on our [Slack channel](https://join.slack.com/t/foundriesio/shared_invite/enQtNTc5NDkxNTI5NTExLWQ1Yjc3NDA2MjI3NzA3YzkxYjEzNzlhZjQ0M2QxYTIzYmIzZjlmOThmZGU0NTk5MWEwZGIwMTU2YWE4N2I5NWQ).

### Ongoing Events:
 &nbsp; New factory creation process works improperly. We are working to fix the issue.

### Past Events:
 * [2021-02-07 source.foundries.io maintenance](maintenance/2021-02-07-source-fio)
 * [2021-01-13 OTA maintenance](maintenance/2021-01-13-ota)
 * [2020-10-21 Deployments update](maintenance/2020-10-21-deployments-update)
 * [2020-09-28 Compute cluster upgrade](maintenance/2020-09-28-infra-compute-upgrade)
 * [2020-09-22 Compute cluster upgrade](maintenance/2020-09-22-infra-compute-upgrade)
 * [2020-02-12 CI worker network maintenance](maintenance/2020-02-13-online-net)

### Previous Outages:
 * [2020-12-14 foundries.io disruption](outage/2020-12-14-gcp.md)
 * [2020-12-01 source.foundries.io disruption](outage/2020-12-01-source-fio.md)
 * [2020-10-09 source.foundries.io disruption](outage/2020-10-09-source-fio.md)
 * [2020-10-08 app.foundries.io disruption](outage/2020-10-08-login.md)
 * [2020-02-18 hub.foundries.io disruption](outage/2020-02-18-hub-fio)
 * [2019-11-14 hub.foundries.io outage](outage/2019-11-14-hub-fio)
