## Compose apps not available on hub.foundries.io

### Timeline of Events
* **15:00 UTC(Sat)** All objects have been restored.
* **20:30 UTC** Script is still running, 137 missing objects have been recovered.
* **18:00 UTC** Restore script begins execution.
* **15:30 UTC** Fixed a few Factories by hand. We begin finding *everything* affected and create a restoration script.
* **15:00 UTC** Root cause identified. Container builds done on **Jan 10 and 11** may have issues:
  * build cache layers used by buildkit may be missing
  * compose apps may be missing.
* **14:45 UTC** Compose applications on hub.foundries.io are no longer available after routine maintenance. Restoring compose applications on hub.foundries.io from backups.
* **14:30 UTC** We are investigating a report of devices not being able to update or switch compose applications on hub.foundries.io

### What Happened

The container registry implemenation we use from [Docker](https://github.com/distribution/distribution)
is designed to use shared content-addressable blob storage. Because of this
design, operators must run a [garbage collection](https://docs.docker.com/registry/garbage-collection/)
utility to free up unused blobs.

We'd practiced running this tool in a "dry run" mode and results looked okay.
We then ran the tool in production on Jan 10. The tool takes a while to run and
completed on Jan 11. During this window, customers who'd built compose apps
and container images were having issues. After some debug we found that the
garage collector seemed to unsafe for:

 * Buildkit's build cache layers we push to speed up builds
 * Compose app manifests

These objects had been deleted. Fortunately, we have [lifecycle management](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/lifecycle)
rules set for our production buckets. We also had a log of all objects that
were deleted by the garbage collector. We quickly built a tool to parse our
log file and restore all objects that had been deleted during this window.
