## OTA Lite Outage

OTA-lite was unavailble from 20:13UTC to 20:35UTC. During this time things
like publishing TUF Targets and managing devices (from user facing APIs)
was not possible. The device-gateway remained up during this outage.

### What Happened

On the previous day, 2024-10-08, we performed a task where we periodically
rotate secure keys and tokens used by our backend. After rotating keys, we
restarted each container affected by the key rotation to make sure they
continuted to function properly. We also deleted some old service accounts
and tokens no longer used by our system.

We went to bed and slept comfortably.

Later the next day OTA lite would not start up correctly after we tried
to deploy a very minor change to it. We tried to rollback the change only
to discover it couldn't run either.

The failure logs pointed at the fact we were using a key that didn't exist.

The missing key was for a minor part of the system where we keep backups of
each version of Targets.json a customer publishes. It's not stricly required,
so the quick fix was to comment out this code to give us breathing room.

The root cause wound up being a combination of a bad/naive Grep expression
combined with a bad variable naming. We were referencing a Kubernetes secret
in a Pod with:
```
      - name: gce-creds
        secret:
          defaultMode: 420
          secretName: ota-api-artifacts
```

Our grepping looked for `gce-creds` and led us to believe we needed to rotated
the `gce-creds` key. Another Pod also happened to use this. We rotated the
key and restarted both containers and validated things were working.
Later, we determied the service account token the actual seecret, `ota-api-artifacts`,
was pointing to was no longer necessary. The Pod continued to work and more
or less fail silently. It wasn't till tried to roll out a new deployment
did our start-up code fail due to the invalid key.

### Timeline of Events

* **20:12 UTC** - We rolled out a minor change to OTA Lite.
* **20:13 UTC** - We notice the deployment has failed.
* **20:18 UTC** - We had a first workaround. However, GCP Cloud Build had a huge cache-miss and building took minutes rather than seconds.
* **20:30 UTC** - We get a 2nd workaround to get the system up.
* **20:35 UTC** - The workaround was built and deployed. Things were functional again.
* **21:00 UTC** - The real fix was deployed.

## Lessons Learned
* We need to fix GCP Cloud Build caching problem with how we build our container. In a pinch - it was our bottleneck.
* We need better container health checks. The service was passing our health that just needed it to be up for about a second. However, it was crashing shortly after that.
* Kubernetes secrets and GCP service-accounts and keys need 2-way links so that things can be looked up from either direction.
